Add steps to import DB snapshots in Lisk docs (#1821)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: docs/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/management/source.adoc

----
====

== MySQL snapshot

Configurations to sync Lisk Service from an existing snapshot, to speed up the sync process.

> To enable the MySQL snapshot automatically the following 3 params will need to be set before starting the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the MySQL snapshot automatically, please ensure to set these parameters before starting the service.
```

----
====

== Taking Backups

> If you wish to take a backup of your source based installation, the details can be found here on the xref:{url_backups}[Backups] page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wish to take a backup of your Source-based installation, the details can be found on the xref:{url_back_up}[] page.
```

> // == MySQL snapshot

Reviewer 2: Please remove the commented out content!
